Richard Garcia
August 19th, 2023


This repository hosts a semester long project I completed with two other students for a class named CPSC 6620:
Database Management Systems at Clemson University. I am proud of this project as it allowed me to combine multiple languages
I've learned in my undergraduate classes to complete a fully functional website. This work is less related to what I do now in 
my current role as a Product data analyst, but it showcases my first time dipping my toes with creating a database schema and 
querying it.

The main goal of the project was to create a website identical to Youtube that allows users to sign in, upload multimedia files,
delete files, interact with those files, leave comments, and add those files to their curated playlists. 

The tech stack used in this project consisted of a MySQL database that hosted our website data (user information, multimedia files),
PHP which is a server-side scripting language in which we incorporated MySQL code to communicate with the database and read and write information,
and HTML to display our data on the frontend.

Because this data is host on Clemson servers which needs a VPN that I lost access to I currently cannot connect to it,
but there a pdf file in this repository tited: 6620 Project Report that gives more detail and diagrams to describe the 
system design and gives a link to the Entity Relationship (ER) Diagram where we describe the connection between all the entities 
in this project. When you open the ER diagram, click on the drop down arrow in the middle top of the screen to open using 
diagrams.net. This will allow you to clearly see the diagram.

The MySQL database schema is located within the 6220_Project folder titled: MeTube_6620_DatabaseSchema.sql.

The SQL code is located within the PHP scripts. These scripts are located in the repository file path: 
metube/6620_Project/php_scripts/

The titles of these scripts can give you an idea of the sort of SQL statement(s) written within it.







                                                                            
